README.md, before:

Porthole 0.6.0 (April, 2008)
===========================

Porthole is a GTK-based frontend for Portage (the Gentoo package
management system, http://www.gentoo.org/). It features a hierarchial
view of packages and supports fast searches and dependency
calculations. Porthole also supports basic emerge features (emerge,
unmerge, sync, upgrade world).

Porthole is released under the GPL, see COPYING.

Porthole is partially based on an earlier program, called gportage
(http://www.stacken.kth.se/~foo/gentoo/), which has been discontinued
in favour of Porthole.

To see a history of changes, please see NEWS

We absolutely _love_ bug reports! Please use the bugtracker at
SourceForge: http://sourceforge.net/projects/porthole/
Also Please report the version of porthole you experienced the bug in


==========================
= How to install Portole =
==========================

The easiest and recommended way of installing Porthole is by using the
ebuild that is available from the webpage or portage tree. We assume you know how to
put ebuilds in the portage overlay. If not, please consult the
documentation and forums on the Gentoo web site (http://www.gentoo.org),
or follow the instructions on the Gentoo Wiki at 
http://gentoo-wiki.com/HOWTO_Installing_3rd_Party_Ebuilds.

If you don't want to use the ebuild, you can download the tarball
(porthole-0.5.0.tar.bz2) and install it yourself.

Porthole requires:
>=python-2.3
>=PyGTK-2.4
>=libglade-2.5.0
and, of course, Portage


to install:
> tar xvjf porthole-0.6.0.tar.bz2
> cd porthole-0.6.0
> python setup.py install


===========
= Contact =
===========

Webpage: http://porthole.sourceforge.net/

Brian Dolbec		<dol-sen@users.sourceforge.net>

Commit message:

Updated README.MD and license file

README.md, after:

# Chrysalis

## DISCLAIMER: Chrysalis is a WIP project.

Chrysalis is a GTK-based frontend for portage (Gentoo / Funtoo package manager)
based upon [porthole](http://sourceforge.net/projects/porthole).

Chrysalis tries to bring improvements to porhole. Since it is being built under
a Funtoo base this package will be dependant on Funtoo libs which are known to
be stable and reliable in most desktop systems.

Chrysalis follows the original Porthole license which can be found in the
LICENSE file (GPL-2).

## Bug reports
If you find any bugs in here please report it in the issues tab and not directly
to porthole

## Porthole changelogs

# Porthole 0.6.0 (April, 2008)

Porthole is a GTK-based frontend for Portage (the Gentoo package
management system, http://www.gentoo.org/). It features a hierarchial
view of packages and supports fast searches and dependency
calculations. Porthole also supports basic emerge features (emerge,
unmerge, sync, upgrade world).

Porthole is released under the GPL, see COPYING.

Porthole is partially based on an earlier program, called gportage
(http://www.stacken.kth.se/~foo/gentoo/), which has been discontinued
in favour of Porthole.

To see a history of changes, please see NEWS

We absolutely _love_ bug reports! Please use the bugtracker at
SourceForge: http://sourceforge.net/projects/porthole/
Also Please report the version of porthole you experienced the bug in


==========================
= How to install Portole =
==========================

The easiest and recommended way of installing Porthole is by using the
ebuild that is available from the webpage or portage tree. We assume you know how to
put ebuilds in the portage overlay. If not, please consult the
documentation and forums on the Gentoo web site (http://www.gentoo.org),
or follow the instructions on the Gentoo Wiki at 
http://gentoo-wiki.com/HOWTO_Installing_3rd_Party_Ebuilds.

If you don't want to use the ebuild, you can download the tarball
(porthole-0.5.0.tar.bz2) and install it yourself.

Porthole requires:
>=python-2.3
>=PyGTK-2.4
>=libglade-2.5.0
and, of course, Portage


to install:
> tar xvjf porthole-0.6.0.tar.bz2
> cd porthole-0.6.0
> python setup.py install


===========
= Contact =
===========

Webpage: http://porthole.sourceforge.net/

Brian Dolbec		<dol-sen@users.sourceforge.net>
